Body measurements of 446 physically active individuals.

Description
Body girth measurements and skeletal diameter measurements, as well as age, weight and gender, are given for 446 physically active individuals - 223 men and 223 women. 

Format
A data frame with 446 observations on the following 18 variables.

attr1
A numerical vector, respondent's biacromial diameter in centimeters.

attr2
A numerical vector, respondent's biiliac diameter (pelvic breadth) in centimeters.

attr3
A numerical vector, respondent's bitrochanteric diameter in centimeters.

attr4
A numerical vector, respondent's elbow diameter in centimeters, measured as sum of two elbows.

attr5
A numerical vector, respondent's wrist diameter in centimeters, measured as sum of two wrists.

attr6
A numerical vector, respondent's knee diameter in centimeters, measured as sum of two knees.

attr7
A numerical vector, respondent's ankle diameter in centimeters, measured as sum of two ankles.

attr8
A numerical vector, respondent's shoulder girth in centimeters, measured over deltoid muscles.

attr9
A numerical vector, respondent's waist girth in centimeters, measured at the narrowest part of torso below the rib cage as average of contracted and relaxed position.

attr10
A numerical vector, respondent's bicep girth in centimeters, measured when flexed as the average of right and left girths.

attr11
A numerical vector, respondent's forearm girth in centimeters, measured when extended, palm up as the average of right and left girths.

attr12
A numerical vector, respondent's knee girth in centimeters, measured as sum of two knees.

attr13
A numerical vector, respondent's calf maximum girth in centimeters, measured as average of right and left girths.

attr14
A numerical vector, respondent's ankle minimum girth in centimeters, measured as average of right and left girths.

attr15
A numerical vector, respondent's wrist minimum girth in centimeters, measured as average of right and left girths.

attr16
A numerical vector, respondent's age in years.

attr17
A categorical vector, 1 if the respondent is male, 0 if female.

attr18
A numerical vector, respondent's weight in kilograms.

